Added images for dark theme + special asset use case (#4)
rmrk-team/evm-multiasset-demo: README.md

    );
```

> ![alt text](images/dark_theme/MA_1.png#gh-dark-mode-only)
> ![alt text](images/light_theme/MA_1.png#gh-light-mode-only)

Reviewer: This has to be adapted in order to selectively show the desired picture based on the theme (like in the [documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#specifying-the-theme-an-image-is-shown-to)):

```suggestion
<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="images/dark_theme/MA_1.png">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="images/light_theme/MA_1.png">
  <img alt="Alternative text." src="images/light_theme/MA_1.png">
</picture>
```

Currently this is using the legacy way of selecting the image based on theme:

> The old method of specifying images based on the theme, by using a fragment appended to the URL (#gh-dark-mode-only or #gh-light-mode-only), is deprecated and will be removed in favor of the new method described above.

Could you update the other instances and replace the `Alternative text` with a simple summary of what is in the image?

    }
```

![alt text](images/dark_theme/MA_10.png#gh-dark-mode-only)
![alt text](images/light_theme/MA_10.png#gh-light-mode-only)

> The last recipe was so delicious that Master added it to his cookbook also!

Reviewer: Just a minor suggestion:

```suggestion
The last recipe was so delicious that Master added it to his cookbook as well!
```
